
# Background

Security practices require restricted internet access, while modern software demands increasingly more access. It is becoming very frustrating to use software in a secured environment, such as behind a corporate proxy/firewall.

This repository is based on the (hopefully correct) understanding that current best practice involves carefully adding exceptions to proxy rules.

To that end, this repository aims to document domains accessed over HTTP(S) by modern tools - as this information does not seem to be publicly documented elsewhere.

# Disclaimer

This information is generated by analysing wireshark output while invoking various software tools. **There is no guarantee that the information in this repository is correct.**

Readers are urged to make their own judgement in using this information and are responsible for any consequences thereafter.

# Future Ideas

## Tools should document their required endpoints

Tool authors are encouraged to provide, as part of their documentation, information on the endpoints accessed by their software. If this was the convention, this repository would not need to exist.

## Automatically determine required endpoints of an executable

It should be possible to create a tool that records the domains accessed by an executable.

## Committing to publicly documented endpoints through automated testing

If a tool existed to record domains accessed by an executable it could be compared to a whitelist during automated testing. If public documentation was generated from this whitelist the information would be kept up to date, verified against the current software implementation.